feat: Added `--force-install` CLI flag for meltano `add` command. (#8169)
meltano/meltano: docs/docs/reference/command-line-interface.md

Reviewer: Let's add a similar section to what we have for `install` above the `Note: Unlike...` note:

> If the plugin you are trying to add declares that it does not support the version of Python you are using, but you want to attempt to use it anyway, you can override the Python version restriction by providing the `--force` flag to `meltano add`.

# For example:
meltano add extractor tap-gitlab

> # Or you can also add a package forcefully using --force flag

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# You can ignore the required Python declared by a plugin by using --force flag
```

> # Or you can also add a package forcefully using --force flag
> meltano add extractor tap-gitlab --force

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meltano add extractor tap-gitlab --force
```

to your [`meltano.yml` project file](/concepts/project#plugins)
using a [shadowing plugin definition](/concepts/project#shadowing-plugin-definitions).

> The `--force` will ignore the required Python version declared by the plugins.

Reviewer: Can you move this to the `Parameters` section of this command below?
